J2H Labs SmartRap 3D Printer Kit (Made In The USA)

** Assembly required

** Customer recommendations will be taken into consideration for the assembly and reliability for this kit, which may cause slight variations of this kit to better serve the customer.

The J2H Labs SmartRap is the simplest and one of the most reliable kits design for beginners and the more advanced in mind. With hands down some of the best quality a desktop printer can achieve. The kit comes with everything you need to easily assemble within a few hours. When you finish the assembly be prepared to out perform most budget 3D printers on the market. The SmartRap is designed to be as eco-friendly and simple as possible, made with durable PLA and a short list of hardware, making this printer the smartest choice for anyone interested in 3D printing.


This kit includes the following:

(Everything included in this kit is sourced in the USA!)

    White Durable Printed Parts

    x12 LM8UU Linear Bearings

    x4 34oz Stepper Motors

    High Quality Lead Screw

    6in x 12in Wooden Build Plate

    x2 GT2 Belt and Pulley

    x3 Z809 Bearings

    x6 M8 Smooth Rods 300mm

    E3D Clone Hotend

    Bowden Tube and Fitting

    Arduino Mega

    Ramps 1.4

    USB Cable

    x4 A4988 Stepper Drivers

    12v 6a Power Supply

    40mm Fan

    Necessary Hardware (Screws, Nuts, Threaded Rods, Springs)  

Features:

    6.3”x8.3”x5” Build Area

    Able to print PLA Plastic (1.75mm)

    110v Power Supply

    Extremely high printing quality

    Eco Friendly

    Slightly Quieter

Items you will need:

    Tools

    1.75mm Filament

    11"x9" Glass Print Area (Lowes or Home Depot)

    Time

Firmware/Software (Build Guide Coming Very Soon):

    https://github.com/J2HLabs/SmartRap

Support:

    Any questions you have, just email here (j2hlabs@gmail.com)

Disclaimer:

This is a kit of components for assembly into a 3D Printer by the end user. Building and using the printer is potentially very dangerous as it involves electricity and high temperatures. 

Building the printer will require a certain amount of physical dexterity, common sense and a thorough understanding of what you are doing. 
However ultimately we cannot be responsible for your health and safety whilst building or operating the printer, with that in mind be sure you are confident with what you are doing prior to commencing with building or buying. Read all of the manual to enable you to make an informed decision. 
Building and operating involves electricity, so all necessary precautions should be taken and adhered to, the printer runs on 12V supplied by a certified power supply, so you shouldn't ever have to get involved with anything over 12V but bear in mind there can still be high currents involved and even at 12V they shouldn't be taken lightly. 
High temperatures are involved with 3D Printing, the Extrusion nozzle of the hot end runs at 230°C, the heated bed runs a 110°C and the molten plastic extruded will initially be at around 200°C, so special care and attention should be made when handling these parts of the printer during operation. 
We wouldn't recommend leaving your printer running un attended, or at least until you are confident to do so. We cannot be held responsible for any loss, damage, threat, hurt or other negligent result from either building or using the printer.
